Rework the documentation page (#877)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: docs/site/docs/getting-started/create-test-project.md

> To use bUnit, the easiest approach is to use the bUnit project template described in the [Create a test project with bUnit template](#creating-a-test-project-with-bunit-template) section further down the page. To create a test project manually and in a general-purpose testing frameworks agnostic way, read the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use bUnit, the easiest approach is to use the bUnit project template described in the following section. To create a test project manually and in a general-purpose testing frameworks agnostic way, read the section [Create a new test project](#create-a-new-test-project) section further down the page.
```

## Creating a test project with bUnit template

> To skip a few steps in the guide above, use the [bUnit test project template](https://www.nuget.org/packages/bunit.template/).

Reviewer: Think this needs to be reworded. There is no guide above, so let's just skip referencing it. Perhaps:

```suggestion
To quickly get started with bUnit, install and use the [bUnit test project template](https://www.nuget.org/packages/bunit.template/).
```

> The steps  for creating a test project with the bUnit template are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps for creating a test project with the bUnit template are as follows:
```
Remove additional whitespace.

1. Install the template (only needed the first time)

> 2. Create a new test project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new bUnit test project
```

3. Add the test project to your solution

These steps look like this from the `dotnet` CLI:

**1. Install the template**

Install the template from NuGet using this command:

```dotnetcli

> dotnet new --install bunit.template

Reviewer 2: Super small nitpick: I guess in other parts we're using `dotnet new install` witout the two dashes `--`

Author: Hey, thank you for the review!

I might be doing something wrong here but `dotnet new install bunit.template` is not running on my side, did I get the command wrong?

Reviewer 2: Ahh no sorry. The new syntax is from >= .net 7 preview 2 onwards. I guess you are using .net 6.

@egil For the sake of correctness, we should revert the other change as well as people still can use `.net 6` for a while. So sorry for the noise @pBouillon

Reviewer: Ohh your right. Can we make a note that from .net 7 the syntax is slightly different?

Reviewer: That looks good, yes. Just drop the "preview 2" part, and just write ".NET 7".

```

**2. Create a new test project**

> Use the following command to create a bUnit with xUnit test project:

Reviewer: Let's also add something about its now possible to create a project using the bUnit template directly in VS, so you do not have to use the command line from this point.

Reviewer: Lets word it like this:

```
If you successfully installed the template listed in the previous section, you
can create a new project directly from the "Create new project" wizard in Visual Studio (or Rider), where the bUnit project type will also show up.
```

Author: It does sound better, I'll change it 😄
